Hello and welcome back to the
WP Accessibility Day, one o'clock a.m. UTC session.
If you have any questions, our chat moderator
Kayla will be answering them.
So please put the questions that you have
for our speaker.
Please remember that we are welcoming community
and there is a code of conduct in force during this entire event.
You can find slides and Twitter links,
all the information
on our website at wpaccessibilityday.org.
Our speaker right now is Adam.
Adam is a Web Developer at the University of Connecticut,
or UConn, in the role at the
Office of University Communications.
He specializes in WordPress Application Development
and Web Accessibility.
He's also been on the Accessibility and Diversity
Committees at UConn.
These include UConn's
Innovation and Communication Technology Task Force
and University Communications Diversity, Equity,
and Inclusion Task Force.
When he's not working he enjoys reading,
martial arts, and spending time with his family.
It's my pleasure to welcome Adam and his talk,
Accessible Navigation from Scratch.
Hi everybody.
Let me see if I can get my screen shared,
make sure this works correctly.
I think that should do it. Okay, excellent.
Thank you very much for that terrific introduction
and thank you all for being here with me.
I hope that you've enjoyed everything so far
and learned a lot from the other presenters today.
The web team in our office focuses on top level
and strategic marketing sites,
such as uconn.edu which is our main university website,
our regional campus websites and
hospital network.
As you can imagine, these get a lot of traffic
and we need to make sure that they are as accessible
and welcoming as possible to everyone who visits.
A few years ago, the World Accessibility Day
New England Conference was held at the university.
Pretty much everyone from our office's
web team attended.
As the conference went on, it became very obvious,
very quickly, how much work we needed to do.
One of the things we looked at on our sites,
was the main navigation components.
As a state institution,
we had some pretty specific requirements.
For instance, I think that at the time
we were still supporting Internet Explorer 10
and we also wanted to make sure that, for instance,
people could use the navigation elements without JavaScript
and we wanted to make sure that we were in compliance
with all the relevant state and federal laws.
And we also wanted to do the right thing and have
our websites be as good as they could be.
One of the things after that conference was, I wanted
to improve these navigational elements which leads us here today.
Now I'd like to point out that this project
and presentation
are based on the majority of the needs for sites
currently in use at the University of Connecticut.
Even if you choose not to use the specific approach I'll show you,
the basic ideas can be adapted to a wide range of sites.
Now unless you're building a site which is only one page,
people are going to have to find their way around
and not only that, but as a web developer
I know that if I put something or
really anything interactive on a site,
people are going to try and use it.
That means interactive elements may get used in ways
that are unexpected or unfamiliar to me.
As developers, just like we validate forum inputs,
because we can't anticipate every single thing someone might enter,
we need to consider how people will use our sites
besides with a mouse and screen.
In terms of accessibility, this concept applies to visitors
with permanent disabilities first and foremost.
At the same time, some visitors may have
a temporary or contextual accessibility need
with respect to a site.
Their mouse might break, they might be working
on an airplane going through turbulence,
their dominant hand might be broken,
or maybe they visited an eye doctor and
got their pupils dilated.
We just can't know. We can't know the situation
for every single person who visits us,
but we can try to design, build,
and prepare sites
in the most equitable ways we can.
So how can we make sure this happens?
Well we try to keep our sites POUR.
You may have heard or seen
this acronym POUR in the past,
but what does it mean in the
context of a navigation menu?
In my view, Perceivable means
if a visitor can physically see the menu,
it must be visible or be able to be made visible.
If that visitor can't physically see the menu,
a screen reader should detect and announce items.
For the menu to be Operable, someone should be able to interact with it,
with the mouse and or the keyboard.
If someone uses a mouse and there are sub-menus,
they need to be resilient.
That is, the sub-menus can't disappear immediately.
Further, all the items in a sub-menu
need to be reachable with a mouse or a keyboard.
For the menu to be Understandable,
it should behave in a predictable way.
Therefore, it needs to maintain
visual and auditory consistency.
For instance, if an icon toggles between two states,
such as open and closed, it should do that predictably.
Menu items should announce themselves
in a predictable way for people who use screen readers.
Finally for the menu to be Robust, in our case,
we wanted to ensure that it would work
at least to some degree without JavaScript
and this meant keeping the style
and user experience approximately the same,
as if there were JavaScript available.
In order to accomplish these goals,
we identified
three cases for menu items that are typical
for the types of site we build.
Overall, I think these cases
are pretty common.
First a link by itself which we can easily
rely on WordPress to handle.
After that we identified
two types of sub-menus.
Those that have a link
to a top level page
with sub-pages beneath and
menu items that need to solely act
as a toggle to a series of sub-items.
These are fairly typical types of
elements in a nav menu.
Either you want to go somewhere
by following a link,
or you want to reveal more choices
through some kind of toggling action.
Now that we've got our goals through
the POUR acronym and our cases,
we need to have a good idea of
what elements are available to build with.
Before we try to style anything
or provide interaction,
we need to get a handle on
the HTML tags and properties we want
and how they're going to
get rendered to the page.
This actually has a massive impact on
all the decisions that get made later.
For instance, the style, JavaScript,
everything else that comes after.
If we don't have a good concept of
what we have at the beginning
and where we're trying to go,
then we won't be able to add on.
Fortunately, WordPress has a built-in way to
generate a menu with the wp_nav_menu function.
I'm sure that many of you
are familiar with this.
The good news is that wp_ nav_menu
is easy to use and get started with.
It accepts a list of arguments
that provide a fair amount of customization quickly
and then after that, as soon as the page loads,
it displays a menu.
One argument which I tend to change immediately,
is the container argument.
By default, the menu will be contained by a div.
This isn't ideal for a navigation menu of this type,
because a div doesn't impart any
structure or meaning on its own,
but you can set the container to a nav element.
When you do this the
final output of the menu
will be wrapped in a nav tag.
Browsers will then detect the tag and create
an implicit ARIA role for it, with a landmark.
This is a useful accessibility improvement,
because a screen reader will have an easier time
parsing the document's content.
There are other arguments which
you may be familiar with as well.
For instance, you can set custom classes,
or IDs, or set a theme location.
Depending on how many navigation sections you have on the page,
you might also set the container,
or ARIA label argument as well,
to further clarify the menu's purpose.
Now wp_nav_menu works really well for menus
that have only one level of content.
However, once you add depth to the menu,
you'll run into accessibility issues.
Let's take a look at how wp_nav_menu
interprets each of the three cases I shared,
then we can see how we might
improve their accessibility.
The markup for a plain link
is pretty straightforward.
WordPress gives us just what we need,
an anchor tag with a URL.
This will provide a nice accessible link
that supports people who use keyboard navigation
and/or screen readers.
So far so good.
After this, things start to get complicated.
In this case, we want to provide the ability
to either click on a top-level link to visit a page
or access items in a sub-menu.
As the markup is now though,
we run into a couple of things that could be better.
First, the aria-label attribute on the link
takes precedence for screen readers
over the content inside of
the anchor tag.
Instead of a screen reader saying
the inner text of the link which is About Us,
it will say the value of the aria-label which is just sub-menu.
That's not terribly descriptive,
because someone might want to click the link.
Next, aria-haspopup will announce to a screen reader
that a pop-up is available,
but we're missing supporting ARIA attributes
to associate the link with a specific sub-menu and
indicate if that sub-menu is open or closed.
Last, depending on how the sub-menu is hidden and shown,
there might be no good way for people who use a keyboard
to get to it effectively.
In addition, aside from showing the sub-menu
when the mouse hovers over the list element,
it's not clear how we can open the sub-menu.
If we click on the link, it'll take us to the page
and never open the sub-menu.
If we just want the top nav item to work as a toggle,
we can use a hash symbol as the link.
Of course then we need to use JavaScript to prevent it from
reloading the page when the link is clicked
and this is something that internally at our department
we wanted to avoid.
However, if we get rid of the href attribute
by removing any link from the admin area,
the item can't be focused with a keyboard.
Browsers will interpret anchor tags without an
href property like a span or any other inline element.
So we can add non-JavaScript dependent toggles
to list of issues we need to handle.
Now I'd like to show you what we'd like to add,
how we're going to get there, and what the result is.
At this point, what I wanted was a portable,
flexible, robust set of choices to build off.
That included things like being able to distinguish
between links that go somewhere and toggles that don't.
More ARIA attributes to support
people who use screen readers,
custom classes, icons and so on.
WordPress does provide some
additional filters for navigation menus
such as wp_nav_menu items,
wp_nav_menu_object filters.
However, I wanted to be able to create
the same kinds of markup across a variety of themes.
For us, this would help with our brand consistency and
visitor expectation from one site to the next.
Fortunately, we can tap into an override the
core class wp_nav_menu uses
to generate the output for a navigation menu.
We can do this with a custom Walker class.
To make it portable we can then
turn that into a Composer package
that can be installed from GitHub or Packagist.
The project can then be used in many places.
The Walker_Nav_Menu class
is part of a collection of Walkers
which all inherit their functionality from a general Walker class.
Now to be completely honest,
when I started looking into this back then,
the Walkers were incredibly confusing.
Fortunately, these classes take care of a lot of the work for us though.
For example, we don't have
to worry about writing our own recursive functions
to traverse menu structure since that's
their main purpose.
Rather we can focus on logic
for the markup our menu might need
and what the output should look like.
Once you write your custom Walker class
you can then add it to the
list of arguments used by wp_nav_menu.
When you do this, all the
markup created by wp_nav_menu
will flow through the Custom Walker.
This means that you can override any of the
Walker Nav Menu's methods with your own,
and that's what wp_nav_menu will use.
There are four class methods available
which will let you start a level,
start an element, end an element and end a level.
In this context, we only need two of those.
The one to start a level and start an element.
Every item in the menu is going to pass through
the start_el and end_el methods.
These methods are where we can add logic
to support the type of markup we want to build.
Consequently, the start-el method was where
most of the work for my custom Walker happened.
However, we're not just dealing with a flat menu,
we need to be able to add depth as well.
When we create a nested sub-menu,
the Walker will pass the output for the markup
through the start and end level methods as well.
These create the unordered lists.
We can take advantage of that to affect
how the submenu unordered list elements get created.
In terms of accessibility, we can make sure
we're adding useful IDs to each level for example.
By default WordPress wasn't doing this,
or at least I don't remember it doing it
back when I started this. It may do it now.
This will let us match up the sub-menu
to an aria-owns property in the items markup.
Now that we've seen the path
the markup takes through the Walker class,
let's zoom in to the start_el method
where most of the logic happens.
Here I've written out some pseudo code
to describe the flow through our custom start_el  method.
The shell of this is exactly what you would see
if you took a look at the Walker.
We can start by checking to see if the current item has children.
That is, should it be a link by itself,
or should it have a sub-menu with it?
If not, if it's just a link by itself,
we can output the start of a list item
with a link inside and then finish.
Otherwise, we need to know if the top level item
should be a link or a button.
If it doesn't have a link, we can output
the start of a list item with a button on the inside.
Otherwise, we need both a link
and then a button as a sibling.
This way we can account
for all the cases in the markup.
With this logic in place,
we can also do things like
add additional custom classes and data attributes.
Those can help us style and interact with the menu more easily.
Let's look at some examples of the output
that the custom Walker I wrote, creates.
So here we're back at our plain link,
but notice that we've added prefixed am dash classes
in addition to the standard WordPress
classes.
These will help designers and developers
create styles specifically for these types of menus
without relying on WordPress classes.
There's also a no-js class on the element.
The no-js class will be removed from the markup
if the menu's JavaScript is available.
If the JavaScript doesn't run,
this class will provide a fail safe
for opening and closing sub-menus
as I'll show soon.
Here's how we can improve the markup
for linked items with sub-menus.
First, instead of the link's
aria-label only saying sub-menu,
it now describes the text of the link
and gives a hint about how
you can interact with it.
You can obviously change this
to whatever is appropriate for you.
Next, the button is going to provide
a semantically appropriate element
that we can interact with whether
JavaScript is available or not.
We've also added a couple more ARIA attributes to it.
Aria-expanded will indicate
to a screen reader
if the sub-menu is open or not.
We can change its state with JavaScript later.
Since we don't want any text to show on the button,
we need to give it an
aria-label to provide context.
This is in case the button is focused.
Inside the button we can then make space for an icon.
Here we can use the aria-hidden property.
The aria-hidden property will hide only the icon
from screen readers, but still leave it visually available.
Since we've created screen reader accessible text
on the button with the aria-label property
and added the aria-expanded property,
we can use aria-hidden
to hide the icon without a problem.
The aria-owns property will associate the button
with the sub-menu,
with the aria-owns property or the correct ID, rather.
This works in a way similar to how a label
is associated with a form element.
This is now markup that will let a visitor choose
between clicking on a link or opening up a sub-menu.
In the last case, there is no link for the item.
It's replaced entirely by a button, so it can always act as a toggle.
You can imagine that if you combine all these cases,
you can start to get a very flexible and accessible menu,
but we're not quite done yet.
So far we've made sure that people
will be able to interact with the menu
with a mouse, keyboard, and a screen reader.
Now we have to think a little bit more
about design and interaction.
In our context, we wanted menus
to work primarily through toggling actions.
Actually, as I was writing this, I forgot one thing
and I added this slide today.
As I was preparing the presentation
I realized I had made a mistake.
In the navigation menu you want to have
the current page and/or its top level parent
visually highlighted somehow,
and this lets people know which page is active.
WordPress gives classes for this,
but also you want to make sure
that the aria-current property is set on pages.
Prior to WordPress 5.3, I think,
you had to do this manually.
Typically, you could do this
with the nav_menu_link attributes filter,
but in checking, this filter doesn't seem to work
with the custom Walker I created.
I'm not entirely sure why right now,
so I'm going to have to go back and refine it,
but that's okay.
I think the more important thing is
to note that even while trying my best,
I still ended up missing something by accident,
which is all the more reason for me
to keep learning and researching.
Now I'm not going to go over
everything in the CSS for this project,
but rather focus on CSS related to hiding and showing content.
When we use CSS to hide and show content,
our choices affect how people,
who use screen readers and keyboards,
can or cannot interact with web content.
The ability to show and hide content
is an important part of
user interface and user experience design.
This is especially true for navigation menus
where we often want to hide or show content on hover or focus.
If we're not careful, we can inadvertently use CSS
to create an inaccessible experience for our visitors.
So I think that it's important to understand
the accessibility implications of
how we use CSS to accomplish this.
There's several cases where this chart is important.
We might consider the case where a visitor who uses a screen reader
wants to skim all the links on a site.
We should be aware that if we use
display: none or visibility: hidden,
we'll be hiding content from them.
Another visitor may come to our site
and have an issue with motor control
and browse with a keyboard.
Depending on how we hide and show content,
our choices may make that user experience
more or less accessible.
If the links in the navigation menu
can be found in other ways
or duplicated somewhere,
that may not be a problem.
But we should think about our choices
and the overall context
of the site as we make them.
One of the design requirements as
I've said for our menus,
was that some menus should be open and closed by toggle.
The usual way to do this is with JavaScript,
so that when someone clicks on the menu item,
the sub-menu is shown or hidden.
However, we can't predict if people
will have JavaScript available to them.
Some people may choose to not use JavaScript.
They may block it entirely.
There may be a delay getting JavaScript to someone,
or there may be an error that
prevents JavaScript from loading correctly.
If we're going to hide the sub-menus or content,
we should still think about how we can
give people a way to access those items.
One way to do this is the focus-within
pseudo class which I'll describe in a moment.
You should be aware though, that focus-within
isn't supported by Internet Explorer
or non-chromium versions of Microsoft Edge.
According to the analytics
I looked at for our sites,
this represented a small
percentage of our visitors.
Further, this pseudo class will only be used
in the event that JavaScript fails altogether.
I think that the browser restrictions
are a fair trade-off to get a very similar effect.
Now if the JavaScript does not run correctly
the no-js class and its styles will be applied to the menu.
This includes the focus-within pseudo class.
The Mozilla developer network says that focus-within,
"represents an element that has received focus
or contains an element that has received focus.
In other words, it represents an element that is
itself matched by the focus pseudo class or
has a descendant that is matched by focus."
In plain terms,
this means that even if a parent element can't be focused,
if a child element can, the entire structure
can be styled as if the parent can be focused.
That's why it can be applied to the unordered list element,
instead of an anchor tag.
Typically unordered list elements can't receive focus,
but because the list can contain an element
like a link that can receive focus,
the list will respond to the focus-within class.
Here's a small demonstration.
The markup for each of these menus is exactly the same.
You can confirm as much by going to the CodePen,
linked in the slide.
The only difference is the use of
the focus-within selector.
You can see that on the left,
the sub-menu elements
for the About Us menu item aren't reachable by keyboard.
However, on the right you can tab through them
as you would the top level links.
Here is an example in context.
The Admissions and About elements are links
with buttons to toggle sub-menus next to them as siblings,
symbolized by the carrots.
Without JavaScript enabled,
you can see how a visitor
might traverse the menu items
just with a keyboard and of course,
they can still use a mouse as well.
There are still some improvements we can make to this though.
For instance, maybe a visitor doesn't want to
tab through every single item
of every single sub-menu to find the one they want.
In this menu, maybe they want to tab to the
student life sub-menu
without going through all the others.
Now for that we need to start talking about JavaScript.
We can definitely get some accessibility improvements
to this type of menu if we add JavaScript.
In this project when a button is clicked,
the aria-expanded state changes from
true to false or vice versa.
The CSS is then set up so that the button's icon
will be changed depending on the state.
This provides both visual and auditory context
for a site's visitors as they use the menu.
However, one group that we haven't really talked about
is developers themselves.
We might create a plug-in or library
that has technically excellent accessibility,
but if it's hard for a developer who's
beginning their career
to use the JavaScript or CSS that's included,
they may choose to avoid using
the project altogether.
The JavaScript or CSS for that matter,
for this project,
doesn't require any additional dependencies or libraries.
Not only that,
but in the context of WordPress the relevant script
or styles can be enqueued directly from
Composer's vendor directory.
This means that developers
don't need any additional front-end tooling
or bundling libraries to get started.
All that's required,
is that they follow a typical WordPress workflow to enqueue dependencies.
Once the script is properly enqueued
it also has a very small external API.
There's a configuration object which only has two properties,
both of which are optional.
In order to use the navigation JavaScript,
there's only one method you need to know.
This means developers with a wide range of experience can
use this in their projects.
This approach may be less flexible
than something with a larger API.
However, I believe in this context it's a good trade-off,
because developers with a wide range of experience
will be able to use it more quickly.
In fact, as a university,
sometimes we have student developers who work on our projects.
The init method in the JavaScript
starts by defining which menu
the JavaScript should apply to.
It then removes the no-js CSS class from that menu.
Finally, it runs a method to setEventListeners
on the menu and the document.
The setEventListeners method
attaches listeners to menu items
and prepares them to pass events
to an eventDispatcher.
The dispatcher determines the type of event
and routes it to a particular eventHandler.
Once the event is properly dispatched to the handler,
it's responsible
for the logic to set the state
of menu items and properties.
Depending on the state of the menu,
eventListeners are also added to the document,
so people can close open sub-menus,
with the escape key or by clicking outside the menu area.
Here are two of the event handlers
that are part of the JavaScript.
They're divided so that they can
manage mouse or focus events separately.
And while I was working on the project,
I found it was best to keep mouse,
keyboard, and focus events separate from each other.
That way I could handle exceptions
for each type of event while
encapsulating other parts of the code for reuse.
One thing to note here,
is that these menu
follow the disclosure design pattern for navigation menus.
As I understand it,
in terms of keyboard support,
this means that they're required to do three things:
Move among items with the Tab key,
be able to select and activate items
once they're focused with the Space or Enter key,
and close items with the Escape key.
This is very different than
an element with the Menu ARIA role.
The Menu ARIA Role requires
more types of keyboard interaction,
such as the ability to use arrow keys.
However, in the example linked in the slide
(Well it doesn't appear to be linked in the slide, sorry about that.
We'll get that later.),
the markup is trying to create something more
like an application menu for a text editor.
If it turns out that I'm completely wrong about this,
and that I need to add more keyboard support to the menus, that's okay.
The JavaScript is flexible enough to
allow more types of keyboard events.
The event routing would require only a few additional cases.
From there I could add appropriate event handlers
without too much difficulty, I hope.
In any event, I think it's always worth going back to review
projects from the past and see how they can be updated.
Earlier this morning I read an article about WCAG 2.2
and for all I know I'll need to
bring this project up-to-date
to conform at some point to that,
or a future version.
In any event, here you can see the effect
the JavaScript has on keyboard navigation.
A visitor can now select among different sub-menus,
however they like, with a mouse or a keyboard.
Once the sub-menu is open,
the next key press on the tab key
will take visitors to the sub-menu.
You can also see the relevant icon
stays changed as well,
until someone leaves and closes the menu.
This is done by tying the CSS to the aria-expanded attribute of the toggle.
Here are just a few resources collected into one place.
I listed a few of the themes this project is part of,
just to demonstrate how it can be styled in different contexts.
This variety is why I wanted to
make sure that the project was portable
and which is why we chose to bundle it as a Composer package.
I thought it would also be helpful to give a few
code resources and documentation as well.
You can browse the repo we use and if you like,
contribute to help improve it.
To wrap things up, there's still quite a lot to do,
even after so much time.
Web Accessibility standards
continue to be updated and refined.
Plus, as I've shown,
there's at least one thing that I've missed and need to revise.
Personally, I want to make sure that
I stay informed and engaged
with issues around accessibility,
so I can be of service to the people who visit us.
To finish up, I'd like to thank all of you for being here with me.
I'd also like to thank everyone involved with today's conference,
for giving me some time to share this with you all.
If you have questions, I am more than happy to answer them.
Let's see if I can stop the screen sharing.
I can turn my camera on,
right? Is that okay?
Yes, definitely.
There we go, I did that.
It's good to see you in person.
Nice to see you in person, in the interwebs as it were.
Great talk, very informative.
What's the open source license, is it MIT, GPL?
You know, I don't remember off the top of my head.
It is probably a very broad license.
I mean, basically we looked at the websites that we had
and realized that these, beyond just
ordering things with proper H1, H2, H3,
there were some broader issues involved that,
at a technical level,
we were going to have to deal with.
This was the first one I wanted to tackle,
because it seemed like it was going to be
one of the most difficult.
So I think the license, if I
even wrote one, is very broad.
Fair enough.
I always just find that interesting,
how people license things,
but anyway I'm a geek.
We have some questions and if you still have questions,
please put them into the chat
and Kayla our chat moderator
will send them over to me
and then I'll say them out loud
and then Adam will answer them.
Our first one is,
"Is a mega menu accessibility suited
or can it be made usable?
If so can you describe or provide a sample?"
Is a mega menu accessible or
can it be made accessible?
I guess that would
entirely depend upon
whether or not it conforms to WCAG standards.
Can you navigate the menu using
a mouse and/or a keyboard?
Does it respond appropriately to a screen reader,
when you do so?
For instance my reference point for screen readers
is the Mac OS screen reader.
Honestly, I don't have
JAWS or anything like that
and we don't really have to have
that kind of material where I work.
But I try to use the
Mac OS screen reader as best I can.
I would say that you should just be very careful
in the case of a mega menu,
because you may inadvertently hide content
that you would rather have people get to.
I think that what you should do
in the case of a mega menu,
is try to navigate the site
with the screen reader and see what happens.
Can you actually get to any of the items?
Can you get to the items if you only navigate by keyboard?
I think that will be the determinant
if it's accessible or not,
better than me just giving a broad,
yes they are, no they're not.
Our next question is,
"How have you found the experience to be
for voice command users when using
ARIA label to provide the accessible name?"
I guess I'm not quite sure
I understand the question.
Is the question,
does it read the name appropriately?
I think so.
I believe that it reads.
Last I checked it did.
I mean we don't have anything that
responds to voice commands in these menus.
Certainly, I don't have the background to handle that.
Although if it's something that I need to do,
I can certainly start looking into it.
But as best I know, and the last time I checked,
yes, they all read correctly.
Our last question,
(and if anyone has a last minute question
please put it into the chat now
and we'll try to get to that) is,
"Menus seemed a web feature that hasn't gone away over time.
With Skip NAV and one-page sites becoming more prevalent,
do you see them being phased out for simple,
more accessible experiences?"
Oh that's actually,
really interesting.
We definitely use Skip NAV.
I have no information about
how many people actually use that.
As far as single page sites go,
I think there's a big difference
between literally
a single page which is like a brochure
and a single page application site,
which is a more, larger scale or something like that.
In the latter case, or in the in the former case rather,
literally single page,
I'm not quite sure why you would
necessarily need a navigation.
You might just have some links at the top
that would jump you up and down.
In the latter case, I'm not sure.
I think that some applications in site are so complex
that you wouldn't necessarily need them.
I think the only thing that I would say is,
lots of people now get to sites
just by Googling the information they want.
Then my intuition is that if for some reason
the content doesn't make sense,
or is structured in a bizarre way,
then they might need to use more navigational elements
in order to find what they're looking for, after the fact.
Again, I just want to thank you
so much Adam for sharing your expertise.
You listed your contact information on the slide,
and if you want to get those slides
you can go to wpaccessabilityday.org
to download all of the slides
and find out information about
all of our speakers and our wonderful sponsors.
Please continue the conversation on Twitter.
Our hashtag is wpaccessibilityday and #wpad2020.
And our Twitter account is wpaccessibility.
At the 2 o'clock UTC hour,
please join me and Christina Workman.
She's going to talk about
Accessible Websites Benefit Everyone.
Again, a big thank you to our chat moderator, Kayla.
She is stepping away and
we're getting a new chat moderator at the next hour.
But again thanks Adam and
thanks everyone for watching
and being part of WP Accessibility Day 2020.
Thanks, Mike.
Thank you very much.